# CS-340-Client-Server-Dev

  To ensure that the programs I write are maintainable, readable and adataptable I will remember the importance of following industry conventions and give classes meaningful names. Testing the code and including easily deciphered comments in the code will help others use my code or help callaborate on a project. The advantages of incorporating these practices into my work were that it made it much easier to pick up where I left off when I had to leave the computer or when Apporto timed out on me or lost connection some how. I beleive I will use the lessons I have learned from the CRUD Python module in many capacities in my future work.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           In order to approach a problem as a Computer Scientist I first breakdown the problem into its most basic parts then decide and design steps to create a solution to the problem I am faced with. My approach to completing this project differed in that I could take the many steps that we have completed and built on throught the course and compile them to complete the project by filling in the new requirements. I will take the lessons in PyMongo, SQLite and CRUD into my future work to be successful working on client request. Computer Scientists help develop modules of interaction between people and computers or software and devices. This is important because it opens the utility that devices and software provide to more people. The work I did on the project would be beneficial to companies by increasing productivity by providing a simplified way to access and modify the data in a database needed to complete tasks. 
    
    
